In the last lecture we made our child rattlings here work again.
Now let's make clear which one is selected by marking it we can mark the active link by adding manually.
The act of class to it.
If we do this all are marked as active because of course it's added to every instance of this component
because they hardcoded it in there.
So that's the right class.
But of course we should add a dynamically with good old router link act of directive and your assembly
want to pass active asked a class name because we just saw this is to see us as class we need to add.
And with that it's working as expected and that is all we needed to hear.
You also see that recipe's is still marked as active at the top because we still are at slasher recipes
and then adult child wrote but that doesn't matter for this to be marked as active because it's not
set to exact matching.
And actually we want to be able we have right now so that all looks pretty good.
Now we can move on to make sure that we can click this new recipe button and this added recipe button
and actually do something.
Once we do click them